-	The title “Elementle” on the GameSelectionPage isn’t in the middle. I assume it gets auto formatted over depending on the size of the user’s name that is now displayed. Can you move the name to always be below the setting cog, and move the cog back to the corner, and then make sure “Elementle” is exactly in the middle
-	The date shown on the congratulations screen should be the date the user is trying to guess, not the date of the puzzle, please correct
-	There’s a number of issues with the archive:
o	The past dates available for the user to play should show in grey, as they do, but future ones should show as white and should not be clickable. The only playable ones should be from today’s date backwards
o	Puzzles that are complete are correctly showing as green (or red if they got it wrong), but when clicked on should show how the user answered that puzzle and not let them replay it. We need to add a table to record the user’s guesses for that puzzle so it can be reproduced when they look at a puzzle they’ve already done. When they look at a puzzle they’ve already done it should show the answers they gave and the answer to the puzzle at the top
o	You shouldn’t be able to go back in the archive month choices past the earliest date there is a question for, so at the moment the back button should be greyed out when looking at October as 1st October 2025 is the oldest question we have in the question database. You also shouldn’t be able to scroll forward past the month in which we are currently in, so at the moment both the forward and backward buttons should be greyed out
o	All the calendar date boxes should be the same size, whereas at the moment when a day is complete it becomes taller as we are adding in the number of guesses taken. Make all the boxes slightly taller so they will accommodate the number of guesses for completed dates, without having to increase the size of the box
o	If you start a puzzle it should remember your guesses so far, so that if you exit and come back to it you don’t start again. This is critical to stop people cheating
o	When you play a puzzle from the archive for some reason the title of the event is being displayed above the number guess matrix. This shouldn’t be shown, and it’s not when you play “today’s” game from the GameSelectionPage, so please make it the same when you play from the archive.
o	The clues should appear above the number guess matrix, not below, and there should be enough space above so that the number matrix and numpad don’t move downwards as the clues are shown. When clue 2 is shown it should also replace clue 2, not be shown below clue 2, to use up less space
Important: For this request only, please make the changes as I describe. After making the edits, you may run a quick test to confirm that the specific change works as intended. Do not run broader or full‑system tests beyond this scope. I will handle wider testing myself. This instruction applies only to this request, not to future ones.
